Sophemore Year at Otterbein university course COMP 2400 Computer Systems

Short Description Course:
Introduction to the functionality and design of computer systems with an emphasis on computer architecture and operating systems. 
Topics include the study of digital representation, processor and memory management, system calls, file systems, and socket programming. 
C is the language of instruction, and the course is conducted in a Linux environment.

There are fifteen Labs and 6 projects total. All labs and projects are done predominantly in C with labs 14 and 15 being in C++.

Lab1: Simple loop to print asterisks.
Lab2: Copy a windows file and remove all characters '\r'
Lab3: Bit manipulation of Ints. Asking the user to choose a bit to change.
Lab4: Create a left leaning pascal triangle going as deep as the user inputs.
Lab5: Read in a string and determine if it is a palindrome.
Lab6: Read in a line a text and print it out either backwards or in reverse
Lab7: Read in length of two lists then add the ints dynamically to two seperate lists than merge the two lists together.
Lab8: Given precoded program with three major bugs. Identify the bugs and using gdb debugger run the program to finish. (Lab 8 is empty due to none of the code being mine)
Lab9: Given the struct Contact and Contact list create the functions needed to add new contracts, find contracts, and printContracts while dynamically adding data.
Lab10: Create our own linkedList for ints with user interface.
Lab11: Given the struct Contact create a tree to store all the contracts and allow the user to create new contracts and find specific contracts.
Lab12: Create a simple checksum to guard against accidental file corruption by following the process of an older prgoram, sum and replicating the same answers as it.
Lab13: Create a simple one sided chat program that has a server open up a port waiting for connections and a seperate program to connect and send messages to the server.
Lab14: Create a C++ program to convert decimal numbers into text format.
Lab15: In Progress

Project1: Output the first 50 terms of the Lazy Caterer's sequence, Prime numbers, Fibonacci sequence, Collatz stopping times, and Happy numbers.
Project2: Code a One Time Pad encryption system using Tiling, Chaining, and Encryption/Decryption
Project3: Write the string library for C including strcpy, strncpy, strcmp, strncmp, strcat, strncat, strlen, strchr, strstr. Should behave identically to standard C library.
Project4: Manipulate WAVE files (.wav) to do seven different tasks. Reverse, Change Speed, Flip Channels, Fad Out, Fade In, Volume, Echo.
Project5: Read in a file of data in a specific format and put them into 25 different trees. Program should allow for eleven tasks including add, clear, delete, find, help, highest, load, quit, revenue, save, statistics.
Project6: Create a web server that will run infinitely waiting for connections and sending requested information across the internet to generate web pages. Includes GET and HEAD requests.
